feat: Add bind function to simulate @bind directive (#750)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - `Bind` added so the `@bind` directive can be easier be setup in non razor syntax. Reported and fixed [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).

Reviewer: Can you basically take the text from the bind method code docs and add it up here with the sample and examples as well. I dont think the current text really explains what has changed or been added.

```
	/// <summary>Adds two-way binding, simulating the <c>@bind-Parameter</c> directive, to a given pair of parameters.</summary>
	/// <param name="parameterSelector">Parameter-selector for the two-way binding.</param>
	/// <param name="initialValue">The initial value to pass to <typeparamref name="TComponent"/>.</param>
	/// <param name="changedAction">Action which gets invoked when the value has changed.</param>
	/// <param name="valueExpression">Optional value expression.</param>
	/// <returns>This <see cref="ComponentParameterCollectionBuilder{TComponent}"/>.</returns>
	/// <remarks>
	/// This function is a short-hand form for the following expression:
	/// <code>RenderComponent&lt;<typeparamref name="TComponent"/>&gt;(ps => ps
	///   .Add(c => c.Value, value)
	///   .Add(c => c.ValueChanged, newValue => value = newValue)
	///   .Add(c => c.ValueExpression, () => value));
	/// </code>
	/// With <c>Bind</c>, it can be written like this:
	/// <code>RenderComponent&lt;<typeparamref name="TComponent"/>&gt;(ps => ps
	///   .Bind(c => c.Value, value, newValue => value = newValue, () => value));
	/// </code>
	/// </remarks>
```

Author: I pushed a change to address this a bit.

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - `Bind` added so the `@bind` directive can be easier be setup in non razor syntax. Reported and fixed [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet) and [@egil](https://github.com/egil).  
>     
>     When writing tests in razor files the `@bind` directive can be directly applied like this: `<MyComponent @bind-Value="myParam"></MyComponent>`. The same expression in C# syntax is more verbose like that
>     ```csharp
>     RenderComponent<MyComponent>(ps => ps
> 	    .Add(c => c.Value, value)
> 	    .Add(c => c.ValueChanged, newValue => value = newValue)
>         .Add(c => c.ValueExpression, () => value));
>     ```
>     With the new `Bind` method this can be done in one method
>     ```csharp
>     RenderComponent<MyComponent>(ps => ps
> 	   .Bind(c => c.Value, value, newValue => value = newValue, () => value));
>     ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `Bind` method to parameter builder that makes it easier to emulate the `@bind-Value` syntax in C#-based tests. 
  
  When writing tests in razor files, the `@bind-` directive can be directly applied like this: 
	
  ```razor
  <MyComponent @bind-Value="myParam"></MyComponent>
  ```
	
  The same expression in C# syntax is more verbose like this:  
 
  ```csharp
  RenderComponent<MyComponent>(ps => ps
    .Add(c => c.Value, value)
    .Add(c => c.ValueChanged, newValue => value = newValue)
    .Add(c => c.ValueExpression, () => value));
  ```
    
  With the new `Bind` method this can be done in one method:
    
  ```csharp
  RenderComponent<MyComponent>(ps => ps
    .Bind(c => c.Value, value, newValue => value = newValue, () => value));
  ```
  
  By [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet) and [@egil](https://github.com/egil).
```

Good. Just a few changes to wording and whitespace.
